tournament/the-mothership-invitational-1-500
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-29
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-56-1
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-59
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-22
---Lunar Lounge #22
tournament/the-big-house-10
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/vandertilted-67
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/meteor-smash-39
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/bad-wolf-battles-7-2
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-30
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-57-1
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-60
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-23
---Lunar Lounge #23
tournament/apocalypse-4
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/smashed-bros-32
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/cavalry-clash-8
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-31
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-58-happy-halloween
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-61-1
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-24
---Lunar Lounge #24
tournament/meteor-smash-40
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/bourbon-state-gaming-double-barreled-vi
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-32
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-62
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-25
---Lunar Lounge #25
tournament/kumite-in-tennessee-2022-the-finale
---Smash Ultimate
tournament/vandertilted-69
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/smashed-bros-33
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-33-happy-halloween
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-59-happy-halloween
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-63
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-26
---Lunar Lounge #26
tournament/meteor-smash-41-1
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-34
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-60-1
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-64
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-27-1
---Lunar Lounge #27
---Top 8
tournament/smashed-bros-34
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/cavalry-clash-9
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/campus-clash-fall-2022
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-35
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-61-1
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-65
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-28-1
---Lunar Lounge #28
tournament/dreamhack-atlanta-2022-fgc
---Smash Ultimate 1v1
---Game2Excel (Ultimate)
---Casual Bracket (Ultimate)
tournament/apocalypse-7-1
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/meteor-smash-42-1
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/sheltowee-smash-n-strive-ii
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-36
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-62-1
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/ignition-294
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/smashed-bros-35-50-pot-bonus
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/tripoint-stadium
---Ultimate Singles
---The Battle Tower Top 8
tournament/the-card-n-all-colosseum-37
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-63-happy-birthday-eve
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/fight-night-66-dead-week
---Smash Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-29-2
---Lunar Lounge #29
tournament/meteor-smash-43
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/don-t-get-tilted-64-1
---Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Singles
tournament/lunar-lounge-30
---Lunar Lounge #30
tournament/al-119-dragons-lair
---Ultimate Singles
tournament/smashed-bros-36-50-pot-bonus
---Ultimate Singles
